(docs) Add convention about installer arguments (#2388)
chocolatey-community/chocolatey-packages: COMMITTERS.md

See [gom-player](https://github.com/chocolatey-community/chocolatey-packages/blob/1849e4d17c66ff11cd48f4b8c9bf861add15bb68/automatic/gom-player/update.ps1#L38) for an example of this. Do note that you may need to create these changes as part of a PR if you cannot bypass the required checks in the repository.

After committing this change, you can do a standard fix version creation.

## Conventions

### Installer Arguments

We want to strive towards all packages using consistent arguments when possible for the different installer technologies.
The arguments used by installers are typically different, but each technology should use the same arguments when it is possible to do so.

To determine installers and the possible support of arguments, there are three utilities available on the Chocolatey Community Repository that may be used, and it is expected that anyone working on this repository has these installed.

> 1. The easiest utility to use to determine an installer is the [Universal Silent Switch Finder][]. When it determines the installer, it also suggests what the arguments to use to make the installation silent. Verify these arguments with the below information about what should be used in this repository.

Reviewer: Arguably either this or ending the sentence with an "are"?

After committing this change, you can do a standard fix version creation.

## Conventions

### Installer Arguments

We want to strive towards all packages using consistent arguments when possible for the different installer technologies.
The arguments used for installers are typically different, but each technology should use the same arguments when it is possible to do such.

To determine installers, and the possible support of arguments there are three utilities available on the Chocolatey Community Repository that may be used, and it is expected that anyone working on this repository have these installed.

1. The easiest utility to use to determine an installer, is the [Universal Silent Switch Finder](https://community.chocolatey.org/packages/ussf). When it determines the installer, it also suggests what the arguments to use to make the installation silent. Verify these arguments with the below information of what we want to be used.

> 2. A more advanced utility to use is the [TrID - File Identifier](https://community.chocolatey.org/packages/trid). This is a more up-to-date utility that can handle different file types, and not just installers. This unfortunately do not typically handle NSIS installers, and will not give information about possible silent arguments.

Author: The reason I went with `typically` here is because there are some instances (probably some versions of NSIS) that TRiD can detect.

3. The third utility to use is only available in some cases for MSI installers. The utility [LessMSI](https://community.chocolatey.org/packages/lessmsi) can be used for MSI installers to find out what properties are available in the installer. Typically, these properties can be used as part of silent arguments. Usually we are only interested if the property `ALLUSERS` is available to be used here.

The following list shows what we expected each technology to use as their silent arguments.

> All arguments should follow the same casing as defined below. Arguments should also be specified in a single quote (`'`) if they do not use any variables, and use double quotes (`"`) if any arguments are used.

Author: That is what I was intending to say yes. Although, when thinking about it.

I'll try and see how I can reword this.

All arguments that can possibly have a space should also be quoted, preferably in double quotes unless the installer do not support this.

- **MSI**: Arguments for this technology should use ``/qn /norestart /l*v `"$($env:TEMP)\$($env:chocolateyPakcageName).$(env:chocolateyPackageVersion).MsiInstall.log`"``
  - If the technology used to create the MSI is CMake, or WiX the additional argument `ALLUSERS=1` should also be used. `lessmsi` can be used to determine if the property `ALLUSERS` is available or not.
- **Inno Setup**: Arguments used for this technology should use ``/VERYSILENT /NORESTART /SUPPRESSMSGBOXES /SP- /LOG=`"$($env:TEMP)\$($env:chocolateyPackageName).$($env:chocolateyPackageVersion).InnoInstall.log`"``

>   - If additionally the installer uses version 6.x of Inno Setup, the argument `/ALLUSERS` should also be used. This argument is specified when running `installer_name.exe /HELP`

Reviewer 2: Is this just v6.x or v6.x and later?

>   - If additionally the installer uses version 6.x of Inno Setup, the argument `/ALLUSERS` should also be used. This argument is specified when running `installer_name.exe /HELP`

Reviewer 2: Can we clarify what is meant by :

> This argument is specified when running `installer_name.exe /HELP`

It's not clear to me.

>   - If additionally the installer uses version 6.x of Inno Setup, the argument `/ALLUSERS` should also be used. This argument is specified when running `installer_name.exe /HELP`

Author: Currently, Inno Setup is on v6.2.2, while I can assume that they will continue supporting this argument in v7.x, I can't say for sure.

I'll probably update this list with links to the documentation of each technology that I know where the documentation is located.

> - **NSIS**: Arguments used for this technology should be `/S`. Additionally, investigation is necessary to see if the authors of the software has implemented a way to specify a log file as well.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **NSIS**: Arguments used for this technology should be `/S`. Additionally, investigation is necessary to see if the authors of the software have implemented a way to specify a log file as well.
```

> - **InstallShield**: The arguments for this technology can vary based on whether it has an embedded MSI or not. For normal non-MSI builds, the argument `/s` should be used, but if it uses an embedded MSI the arguments `/s /v"/qn"` should be used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **InstallShield**: The arguments for this technology can vary based on whether it has an embedded MSI or not. For normal non-MSI installers, the argument `/s` should be used, but if it uses an embedded MSI installer, the arguments `/s /v"/qn"` should be used.
```

- **Wise InstallMaster**: Arguments used for this technology should use `/s`.

> - **Ghost** or **Squirrel**: Arguments used for these technologies should use `-s`. These technologies are best avoided, as they can only be installed for the current user. Use alternative installers if possible (*must be provided officially*).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Ghost** or **Squirrel**: Arguments used for these technologies should use `-s`. These technologies are best avoided, as they can only be installed for the current user. Use alternative official installers if possible.
```
